Add Claude Code skills and repo review rules under .claude/ (#5394)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: .claude/skills/changelog-entry/SKILL.md

**The Add/Update vs Dev judgment:** if the change can break someone else's site or workflow when they update, it's `Update`, not `Dev`. Removing a deprecated method is `Update` (precedent: #5066 → #5392). Renaming an internal helper that nobody outside the plugin imports is `Dev`. When in doubt, prefer `Update`.

## readme.txt has a third location

Major or breaking changes also need a bullet under `== Compatibility Notes ==` in `readme.txt`. Required when:

- A method or class is removed
- A default behavior is flipped (e.g., a feature becomes enabled-by-default)
- Minimum WP/WC/PHP versions change

## Procedure

1. Locate the `xxxx-xx-xx - version X.Y.Z` block at the top of `changelog.txt`.
2. Append `* Type - Description` to the bottom of that version's block.
3. Locate the matching `= X.Y.Z - xxxx-xx-xx =` block in `readme.txt` under `== Changelog ==`.
4. Append the *exact same* `* Type - Description` line.
5. If the change is merchant-impacting, also add a bullet under `== Compatibility Notes ==` for that version in `readme.txt`.

## Wording conventions

- Describe behavior, not implementation.
  - ❌ "Add `basename( WC_STRIPE_PLUGIN_PATH )` helper for slug derivation"

>   - ✅ "Append a 'See what's new' link to the plugin Updated! message after manual updates"

Reviewer: Two comments here:
 - Are the images going to be understood by the LLM? Maybe it could be better to use explicit "Incorrect:" and "Correct" labels.
 - There are a lot of `'` characters in the correct line
```suggestion
  - Incorrect: Add `basename( WC_STRIPE_PLUGIN_PATH )` helper for slug derivation
  - Correct: Append a "See what's new" link to the plugin Updated! message after manual updates
```

Author: Applied — explicit `Incorrect`/`Correct` labels, kept the `"See what's new"` contraction inside double quotes per your suggestion.

> - Lead with the verb. ✅ "Cancel pending WC Subscriptions retry when Stripe Radar blocks a renewal payment"

Reviewer: As above, I think it will be clearer if we use explicit text.
```suggestion
- Lead with the verb: "Cancel pending WC Subscriptions retry when Stripe Radar blocks a renewal payment"
```

Author: Done.

---
name: changelog-entry
description: Use when adding or editing changelog entries for this plugin. Triggers include "add changelog", "changelog entry", "release notes", "update changelog.txt", "update readme.txt", or any PR that introduces user-visible behavior changes. Critical: changelog.txt and readme.txt use different version-header formats and must both be updated.

> version: 1.0.0

Reviewer 2: `version` is not a valid frontmatter field: https://code.claude.com/docs/en/skills#frontmatter-reference

Applies to other SKILL.md files here as well

Author: Right — `version` isn't in the spec. Dropped it from all three SKILL.md files (`changelog-entry`, `payment-method-add`, `phpstan-baseline-triage`). (9052ac7d5)
